RBAC phase one (#4236)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/security/overview.md

This page lists the additional things we do to ensure operational security and to lock down $SERVICE_LONGs. 
To see our security features at a glance, see [$COMPANY Security][security-at-timescale].

## Role-based access 

> $CLOUD_LONG provides role-based access to your $SERVICE_SHORT administration and data. In $CONSOLE_LONG, users with the `Owner`, `Admin`, and `Viewer` roles have different permissions to create and modify $SERVICE_SHORTs. On the database level, you can create other roles on top of the automatically created `tsdbadmin` role to restrict access to your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$CLOUD_LONG provides role-based access for you to:

* Administer your $PROJECT_LONG. 
   In $CONSOLE_LONG, users with the Owner, Admin, and Viewer roles have different permissions to manage users and $SERVICE_SHORTs in the $PROJECT_SHORT. 
* Administer each $SERVICE_SHORT in the $PROJECT_SHORT.
    To restrict access to your data on the database level, you can create other roles on top of the default `tsdbadmin` role. 
```
